✓	Make checklist

✓	Interact with object with the E key.
✓	Interactions always take time where the key is held down.
✓	Movement is disabled while interacting with an object.
✓	The object being interacted with is detected once when the interact key is pressed - the player can still look around while the key is held.
	When looting, limit camera rotation to 45 degrees off the original angle?
✓	While interacting with an object, a progress bar is put onto the UI to show when the interaction will be finished.
	
✓	The player can sprint
	Sprint is limited
✓	The player can crouch.
	
✓	Interact (e) with loot object to "bag" it. This takes 2 seconds.
✓	Only one bag can be carried
✓	Carried bags show their type on the UI.
✓	When carrying a bag, the camera is tilted 15 degrees to the left. EDIT: 5 degrees
✓	Bag can be thrown (g key)
✓	Loot comes in types (jewelry, gold, money)
✓	Loot type determines value.
✓	Bags containing loot thrown into "stash zone" are deleted and added to score 1 second after colliding with it.
✓	Once enough loot bags have been dropped into the van, the escape zone at the van becomes available.
✓	Entering an active escape zone ends the level and finalizes your score. Any carried bags are automatically added to score.
✓	Bags can contain non-loot. Non-loot bags don't get deleted by the stash zone.
	Non-loot bags dropped into the "trash" zone are destroyed 1 second after collision.

✓	Cameras detect the player
✓	Cameras take 10 seconds to become "alerted".
✓	Entities that can detect the player add a hud indicator that points back to them and shows their status.
✓	Once alerted, the camera "calls" security. This takes 5 seconds, and sets off the alarm when it's finished.
✓	Camera alert level cools down at the same rate that it heats up.
✓	Once alarm is goes off, you have 1 minute to get to the van.
✓	After the 1 minute is up, you automatically lose.
✓	Cameras can be in a "loop" state, where they can't detect the player. This state lasts 20 seconds.
✓	Cameras can be interacted with to set them to the "loop" state. This interaction takes 2 seconds.
✓	Cameras can have an "operator". If the operator is killed, the cameras are disabled.

	Losing sets your score to zero.

	Main Menu
		- Exit game
		- select mission
✓	Game Lobby
		- Shows goals
		- Select equipment?
✓	Game Over
✓		- Win Screen
✓			- Shows total loot obtained in bags and raw value
			- Shows time taken
			- Shows enemies killed
			- Shows accuracy
✓		- Lose Screeen
✓			- Shows game over.

✓	Player has gun
✓	Gun does a line trace to see if it hits anything.
✓	Gun does 50 damage on hit.
	Gun has a half-second cooldown after firing before it can fire again.
✓	Cameras have 1 hp and perminantly break when damaged.

✓	A guard is a thing.
✓	The guard can detect the player
✓	The guard uses the same detection rules as the camera
✓	If the guard has patrol points, it will patrol between them. Each patrol point has a fixed wait time before the guard moves on to the next point.
	If a guard is standing still, it will slowly look left and wait for 10 seconds, then slowly look right and wait for 10 seconds, then repeat.
✓	Guards have 50 hp.
	Armored guards have 100hp.
✓	Killed guards leave behind a body.
✓	Bodies and bags can be detected by guards and cameras in the same way they detect the player.
✓	Bodies can be interacted with to "bag" them.
	
	If a camera is destroyed, a new guard will be spawned. It will go to the destroyed camera.
✓	Guards can detect destroyed cameras in the same way they detect bodies, bags, and the player.

✓	Player can crouch.
	A crouching player reduces the detection range of the entity seeing them.
	
	
	
	Idle characters rarely play special idle animations
	Patrol points can trigger specific idle animations

	I'm thinking it should be 4 player coop with counterop mechanics. Aka, the players need to deposit 6 bags into the group deposit, but each player has a special secondary drop point that gives only them the value of the loot.
	
	Random secret objectives:
		Assassinate a specific guard
		Deposit X loot of Y type at side location